---
layout: post
title: "Harbinger"
date: 2013-02-16 16:20
comments: true
categories: film
---
I have teamed up with writer/director MacGregor Greenley and producer Sofia Sada
this semester to help shoot our undergraduate thesis film Harbinger.  It follows
Charlie Day, an employee of a courier service that delivers bad news, so you 
don’t have to. As an employee of the Bad News Bearers, Charlie has become sucked
into a world of callousness, drifting away from any sort of sane or tactful 
interaction with the people he delivers his news to.

The story revolves around Charlie Harbinger who works for a bad news messaging
service, where he is essentially responsible for having those often awkward, 
mostly uncomfortable and generally unpleasant conversations in which someone is 
fired, divorced or dying. He acts as a surrogate, delivering the bad news for 
you so you don’t have to. With a job like that you can imagine how light and 
whimsical his life is (read: not light or whimsical at all).

His story changes dramatically when he runs into Miriam Day who sort of forces 
her way into his life and ruins his perfectly timed, tried and true method of 
doing his job while avoiding any and all personal connection. When she shows up,
a new narrative begins capturing the transformation of a militant isolationist,
challenging Charlie to feel many of the things he has so long avoided.

Of course, we can’t spoil the ending for you, the only thing we can tell you is 
that the main character isn’t dead the whole time (Or is he? He isn’t). Instead 
we’ll ask for your patience and provision so that we can make any of it (the end
included) happen. There will be comedy, there will be drama, there will be bad 
news to spare. If you want to see how it all unfolds, now is your chance to make
sure you can. Donate today!
